Oh
my name is Cathy 8 I'm 28 years old I
now spend most of my time not looking
forwards but looking back and what
happened to us at Hailsham why don't we
get the ball there was once a boy who
had mine off beyond the boundary they
found him in the woods with his hands
and feet cut off who told you these
stories everybody knows them and how did
you know they're true he'd make up
stories as horrible as that students of
Hailsham are special keeping yourselves
well keeping yourselves healthy inside
is of paramount importance
none of you will do anything except live
the life that has already been set up
for you and sometime around your third
donation your short life will be
complete that's what you're created to
do we were moved from Hilsum at 18 Tommy
Ruth and I
exactly how much experience have you
guys had with the outside quite lot we
haven't drinks five cokes please if
there was a boy and a girl and they were
properly in love and they could prove it
then they would be given a few years
together before they began their
donations why do you do that thing
squeezing to my shoulder I'm allowed to
touch Tommy Armour that's the way you're
touching him
as opposed for a second there is a
special arrangement for Hailsham
students if they're in love
so tell me really likes you as a friend
he just doesn't see you that way
we are modeled on trash we're in love
it's true love it's verifiable we didn't
have to look into your souls he had to
see if you had souls at all
I wish I could help him you poor
creatures
maybe none of us really understand what
we've lived through or feel we've had
enough time
you
[Music]